Fix npm vulnerabilities (#1472)
microsoft/vscode-react-native: CONTRIBUTING.md

We welcome any quality bugfixes or contributions!

> To avoid conflicts with your existing installation, delete the installed extension at `~/.vscode/extensions/msjsdiag.vscode-react-native`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid conflicts with your existing installation, it is recommended to delete the installed extension at:
```
